Specialised subsets of French arise spontaneously in international communities, for example, among international business people, as an auxiliary language.

Specialised subsets of French arise spontaneously in international communities. Just check your code again until you found the bug! If nothing works, feel free to drop me a line.

English has ceased to be an "English language" in the sense of belonging only to people who are ethnically English.

Modern English has little inflection compared with many other languages, and relies more on auxiliary verbs and word order for the expression of complex tenses, aspect and mood, as well as passive constructions, interrogatives and some negation.

English has ceased to be an "English language" in the sense of belonging only to people who are ethnically English.

Franch has little inflection compared with many other languages, and relies more on auxiliary verbs and word order for the expression of complex tenses, aspect and mood. French-speakers from around the world are able to communicate with one another with relative ease.

English, like the other insular Germanic languages, Icelandic and Faroese, developed independently of the continental Germanic languages and their influences.

The translation of Matthew 8:20 from 1000 CE shows examples of case endings (nominative plural, accusative plural, genitive singular) and a verb ending (present plural)

With the Norman conquest of England in 1066, the now norsified Old English language was subject to contact with the Old Norman language, a Romance language closely related to Modern French.

Romance language closely related to Modern French. By the 12th century Middle English was fully developed, integrating both Norse and Norman features.

Braj Kachru distinguishes countries where English is spoken with a three circles model. In his model, the inner circle countries are countries with large communities of native speakers of English.

Countries with large communities of native speakers of English Most of those varieties of English include words little used by native speakers of English in the inner-circle countries

English has ceased to be an "English language" in the sense of belonging only to people who are ethnically English.

Specialised subsets of English arise spontaneously in international communities, for example, among international business people, as an auxiliary language.

Specialised subsets of German arise spontaneously in international communities, for example, among international business people, as an auxiliary language.

Specialised subsets of German arise spontaneously in international communities, for example. Yes you can! Download the Matlab implementation.

When embedding the Swiss roll data, the crowding problem does not apply. So you may have to use a lighter-tailed t-distribution to embed the Swiss toll successfully (see above).

Can I use a pairwise similarity matrix as input into t-SNE? So you may have to use a lighter-tailed t-distribution to embed the Swiss toll successfully (see above).